fix(proxy) delay startup to allow cache population (#2255)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

 - [0.0.5](#005)
 - [0.0.4 and prior](#004-and-prior)

## [2.2.1]

> Release date: TBD

#### Fixed

> - Added mitigation for an issue where controllers may temporarily incorrectly
>   delete configuration upon gaining leadership.

Reviewer: I think it's worth very deliberately explaining what we mean by "temporarily incorrectly delete"

```suggestion
- Added mitigation for an issue where controllers may briefly delete and
  recreate configuration upon gaining leadership while populating their
  Kubernetes object cache.
```
